link to finished code pen https://codepen.io/chasingeuphoria/pen/QWymRwZ?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        A semantic element clearly describes its meaning to both the browser and the developer
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Hypertext Markup Language used to make webpages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        HTML Tag Attributes are modifiers for the HTML tags you put them in the start tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        Only 1 per page it is used to identify the most important part of the doc.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Image and links
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
        Metadata typically define the document title, character set, styles, scripts, and other meta information. 
    7. What is an id? 
        The id attribute is most used to point to a style in a style sheet, and by JavaScript
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        The id attribute is part of the Global Attributes, and can be used on any HTML element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
        ids contain only first div element.
    10. What is a class?
        The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
        Used to access and manipulate elements with the specific class name. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
         There is no technical limit    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Add a target="_blank" attribute to your links
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        The required alt attribute specifies an alternate text for an image,
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id Selector.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div   
        he <section> tag defines sections in a document
    17. What is CSS used for? 
         The <div> tag defines a division or a section in an HTML document
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        just type h2 on you CSS sheet.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        classes are usally used to select mutiple things so you can style them later but Ids are unique and should be used to only once
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
         This is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements, which is a little more precise than the traditional contextual selector.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        #sidebar 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?      
        A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Use the line-height property in CSS to do so
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
         default letter-spacing: norma     
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        he text-transform CSS property specifies how to capitalize an element's text.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
         {border-style: dotted;}
        {border color: black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        	*	Selects all elements
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        CSS uses the same "block comment" syntax as the C-like languages -
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        you use the "ls" command,
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        The path at the start of the Command Prompt input line always indicates your current directory.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
         Directories that are removed with the rmdir command cannot be recovered
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control is important to keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        I like to commit changes every 30-60 minutes,
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        . git push command pushes changes from your local repo into a remote repo
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Create YOUR OWN version of Repo ---> (Fork) 
        Add your TL as collaborator 
        Clone YOUR Repo
        Create a branch (the one you are going to be working on)
        Push your new branch up to GitHub and make all future pushes to that branch
        Add your TL as a reviewer on the Pull Request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 